In the previous lesson we have inserted our `answers` table with some fake answers programmatically by utilizing
model factories and database seed.
Now in this lesson we will come back to the
show question page and display all related answers
on this page.
All right before we moving on as always
let's go ahead and open our terminal
and create new branch by saying: git checkout -b
And then the branch name will be lesson-15
OK
now let's open show.blade.php
And here we will display the answers in a new row
So here let's fold or hide the content of this row and blow that
let's create a new div and give it to class row
inside this div
let's create another div
and give it a class called `md-12` to make the answer in full with
inside this div
let's utilize bootstrap card component.
So div class card
Here we need to wrap the question body in `cart-body`
end here
let's also add card title
Inside this card title
let's add heading two
and here I'm going to show the total number of answers of the current question.
Let's also add horizontal rule to a separate card title with our answer.
And finally here we will display all answers.
So for each question
answers as
answer
and close the for each loop
and inside this loop we will display every
single answer into bootstrap media object
Actually this is exactly the same thing
as we did when displaying question item.
So div class `media`
and here we'll wrap the answer's body in
`media-body` class so div class `media-body`
and finally here we show the answer's body
OK save that and let's have a look.
Here we have two answers
and here we need some space between the question body and answers.
also we need to add horizontal rule to separate one answer with another.
So let's go back to our editor and here in the row
I'll add margin top up by utilizing bootstrap class mt
three and then here I'll add horizontal rule
save and reload again.
Here our answers
I think it's still too close.
So
I'll change this to `mt-4`
Reload again. OK
I think it's good.
Next let's also add other info and creation date
in both question body and answer item.
And here I'll place it on the bottom right.
So let's switch to our editor
and here after answer's body let's create a new div.
And as I said I'll place the author info and
creation date on the right.
So for now I'll be using `float-right`
here
firstly I'll show the answer creation date. I will be add
a `span` inside a paragraph because in
bootstrap it has some extra space on the bottom.
And then I'll give it the class `text-muted` to make the font color a little bit gray.
And here the txt will be answered
and then the answer's creation date.
Below that I'll show the author's avatar on the left and the name on the right.
So here I'll create another div and give it a class `media`
here
I'll create an anchor.
The ref will be
answer
user
url
and give it to bootstrap class `pr-2` or padding right two
and here I'll add I `img` and the source will be answer user avatar
Note here that the avatar is currently doesn't exist
in our model
And we will again define new accessor for that just in a second.
And lastly I'll create a new div
and give it a class `media-body`.
Again
I'll put the user's name in anchor
The href will be
answer user
url
and the text will be answer
user name
All right let's open question model
here
Let's copy the created_date accessor then let's open
Answer Model
and paste here.
Now let's open user model
and then here let's create new accessor so public function get avatar attribute.
And here we will be using Gravatar or global recognize avatar.
So let's switch to our browser and navigate to Gravatar dot com.
Let's hit how to use gravatar menu
choose php
and here let's copy this code
And paste inside our accessor
here are i'll change
The email's  value with current users email
this email and here you can provide the default avatar
image to somewhere. Here I want to use gravatar's
default image. I'll remove this and for the size I'll change
this to 32.
Let's go back to gravatar page and here we need to copy this code.
Paste here
Remove these grav_url variable and add
return to return the Gravatar
and because I have removed the default image
so here I also need to remove the default image variable from this query string.
save all changes.
And let's take a look.
Now here we have answers
Info avatar and answer creation date.
Here I think
the creation date and user's avatar is to close
So let me add margin top here so
let me add
Margin top here.
Now I need to move the user's name down a bit.
So let me add
`mt-1` or margin top one
all right I think it's a lot better. Now
let's also add user info and creation date
in bottom right of the question.
Let's go back to our editor.
And here we simply copy these lines
go to question body
and paste those in
save and reload the page
ups
Sorry I need to change this
to
question
save reload again
OK great. Last
let's see and analyze the queries that being executed
just to show all these answers.
I'll open laravel debug bar
as you can see here
there are a lot of queries being executed.
If you remember this is something called N+1 query problem.
And here we can see that it came from
app providers route service provider.
So let's switched to our editor and open route service
provider. And to fixed N+1 query problem we just need
to eager load our query by adding `with` here.
And then specify a the relation name
So here
we called answer user url and avatar
that's why here we say answers user. So from question model go to answer
model through answers
Relationship method.
and then from answer model go to useer model through user relationship method.
Save all changes and let's have a look
our queries again.
Now our queries that executed here have been reduced
OK
that's it for this lesson. In the next lesson
We're still working in here and we will be adding vote
control in the left side of the question and answer
item.
All right
here I'll save all changes to my git repo
git add all. git commit display answers for question
then git push origin
lesson-15
git
Checkout master
and then git merge
lesson-15
and last
git push
origin master